Today with Mr. Policy, we are going to
understand the mobile app of ICICI LBRD Health Insurance,
which is called IL Take Care
Mobile App.  First you have to install
IL Take Care app from Google Play Store or Apple App Store.
After installation,
enter the registered mobile number.   After
entering the number,
complete the verification with OTP.  After verification,
your policy number and name will be shown in the top corner on the home screen of the app.
On clicking it, the menu option will
open.  Where you can change the login number
, you can kick.  You
can check the bank details [music].  And much more.  When you
come back to the home screen, your
health card will be shown to you.  If you scroll down a little,
you will see the option of Quick Actions.
Where you will see the option to check Manage Claim, [Music]
Tele Consultation and Local Services.
Because of this you get the
option of wellness benefits.  By clicking on View All
you can access multiple
benefits like OPD benefit, [Music]
policy exclusive benefits and you
can also avail featured benefits.
Like step count, fitness, ID and
many more [music] to name a few.  On going back again, you will be
shown the option of policies which is very
important, click on it and here
you get the option to check the policy details,
Member Details, Manage a Card, Claim
and Update Policy. By clicking on Update Policy,
you can update and change the policy details
[Music].  Last but not the least is the
help option where you
can also chat to book an ambulance and other queries.  If
you have any question [music] or query
then you can comment.  Follow
Mr. Policy for more informative videos.